Kartikei Mittal
2017KUCP1032
I like to code.
Today is sunday,
There are many things i could say but none comes to mind.
I want to make this a large file as
I am using it as test case for IP Project.
There are many things to do but a man cannot
be everywere everytime. I should say something well:
I can do what no one else can,I can do me.
About IIIT Kota
About Us
Indian Institute of Information Technology Kota is a joint venture of the Ministry of Human Resource Development, Government of India, Rajasthan Government with Industries in Public-Private Partnership model.
IIIT Kota admitted the first batch of students in July 2013 and the first batch of 26 students of CSE graduated in May 2017.
Institute will have more than 300 students by July 2017.
Vision
To create a center for imparting technical education of international standards and conduct research at the cutting edge of technology to meet the current and future challenges of technological development.
Mission
To create technical manpower for meeting the current and future demands of industry: 
To recognize education and research in close interaction with industry with emphasis on the development of leadership qualities in the young men and women entering the portals of the Institute with sensitivity to social development and eye for opportunities for growth in the international perspective.
EnCo
Software Requirement Specification

Table Of Content:
1. Introduction 
2. Purpose
3. System Requirement(Software)
4. System Requirement(Hardware)
5. References
6. Limitation
Introduction
This project uses a wide range of technology to perform encryption and compression of file(preferably text file) provided, and subsequent decryption and decompression.
Project uses Google Authentication service through firebase to authenticate user.

Purpose
Project was conceived and incubated for course of Independent Project conducted at Indian Institute Of Information Technology, Kota.

System Requirement(Software)
•	Microsoft Windows 8 and above operating system
•	Microsoft PowerShell 2.0 or above
•	MinGW .cpp compiler with C++14 support
•	Any text editor for reading files.

System Requirement(Hardware)
System supporting Windows 8 and above

References
•	The C++ Programming Language By Bjarne Stroustrup
•	Firebase documentation
•	Windows PowerShell documentation
•	W3 School
•	geeksforgeeks.com
•	stackoverflow.com
•	Internet
Limitation
Currently project is limited to windows platform.
Requires internet connection.
Limited to text files readable by C++ fstream objects.